Lazy error in modbus (#18878)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/modbus.markdown

```

{% configuration %}
lazy_error_count:

>   description: Number of messages with error received before setting entity to unaviable. This parameter can be used to prevent spontanous errors to ruin statistic graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Number of messages with error received before setting entity to unavailable. This parameter can be used to prevent spontaneous errors to ruin statistic graphs.
```
